good evening a lot of women like to say
but the only difference between boys the
size or cost of their toys and to a
certain extent that's probably true most
guys love buying gadgets or gizmos and i
myself am known to bind the occasional
point and i want to tell you about this
toy that i found its the air hogs RC
arrow ace ready to fly easy to fly
airplane since ages 8 + ok very basic RC
airplane you want to get somebody
started the lobby a good thing being a
fan of airplanes in aviation i bought it
was playing with it in my cosplay
uncle's yard when I was up in
Massachusetts and it was about dusk and
I was flying around and I was smart
enough to keep it down low so I didn't
lose it and the next day yeah that
afternoon is I gotta bust out my toy
playing against nice day I'm trying to
see how high the thing will go and it's
going up been up
and up and my applies these really old
pine trees and borders property and the
breeze is kind of took him over these
pine trees so I cut the throttle and
hope that would dear damn you know just
drop and glide away from those trees and
no such luck it was stuck 80 feet entry
for six hours and I wasn't I didn't
think I'd get the thing back before i
come home and i found on the ground
charge it up on a couple younger cousins
or we had a good time playing with it
and then i had to drive home south south
carolina so I drove me a couple of days
I got here and I'm busting out my
airplane zooming around the yard and I
haven't met too many people that don't
appreciate a good toy I there's an eight
my neighbor he's probably miss him I
early sixties and he was watching me
play with over the fence so I handed
them the remote control we played with
it you know I toss it include around you
know enjoy the toy my debt my dad's
going to love this my dad's you know 57
always won the floor but never
so I dragged him out is getting the desk
again it's like 845 and I knew in my
head is just a dad keep it down nice and
low so if you lose control of it it's
recover but so he's get the feel for it
it's kind of kind of slow circle built
into it so that it just kind of if
you're not thinking it'll just kind of
loop around and watching the single up
and up and up and it starts to drift
over the top of the house towards the
street and I told my dad just cut the
throng kill it let it glide and dad does
trying to save it but he hasn't got the
whole reversal thing like if you're
looking at the airplane and you want to
go left you get a steer right so we'll
go this way or conversely and also when
you it's got simple thrust vectoring so
when you get when you turn it just it's
got two blades two propellers and ones
pushing what harder than the other so
you start to lose altitude so I should
just grab the promote book it went out
of range and his rough rustling crash
and you must have crashed into the trees
across the street you can't see it
you're after the flashlight digging
around
maybe the same mistake I did and is it
easy to get excited about a toy whether
you're 24 457 but it's just funny I'm
sure if you give the plane 18 year old
kid or 10 year old kid he'd make the
same mistake so yeah
so Earhart's toys a lot of fun to fly if
you go to spin master calm even have a
flight simulator kind of make sure you
can figure out enough coordinating up to
you know crash the senator on tree
someday so that's my story and I'm
sticking to it